Update readme about distribute (#1455)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-android: README.md

2. **App Center Crashes**: App Center Crashes will automatically generate a crash log every time your app crashes. The log is first written to the device's storage and when the user starts the app again, the crash report will be sent to App Center. Collecting crashes works for both beta and live apps, i.e. those submitted to the App Store. Crash logs contain valuable information for you to help fix the crash.

3. **App Center Distribute**: App Center Distribute will let your users install a new version of the app when you distribute it via the App Center. With a new version of the app available, the SDK will present an update dialog to the users to either download or postpone the new version. Once they choose to update, the SDK will start to update your application.

>     > **Google can consider in-app update code as malicious behavior even if it isn't used at runtime. We recommend you to strip this code from your application before submitting it to Google Play.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Google Play considers the in-app update code as malicious behavior even if it isn’t used at runtime. Please use App Center Distribute Play instead before submitting your app to Google Play. Failure to not remove the in-app update code can lead to noncompliance and removal of the app from Google Play.**
```

>     > See [Remove in-app updates for Google Play builds](#remove-in-app-updates-for-google-play-builds) section for details.

Reviewer: We do not have the linked section in this page.
